Yes. Just listen to me, [__]
I've got something I have to say. It's
important that I say this. God, I'm
already feeling it though, Joe. It
starts to go already. I feel it. If
you're feeling stuck in life and unable
to get what you want, this will be a
great video for you. In this coaching
session that happened during one of our
live and for the public Q&As's, we
explore how the underlying belief in
yourself and the lack thereof can really
keep you stuck and how to get out of it.
Why am I stuck? um moving forward. Why
am I not moving forward feeling the
confidence um that I want to have after
25 years of being a mental health
professional? Why am I not just running
in and doing this next thing that I'm
ready to do? Why am I stuck? Why am I
hesitating? Um I've got so much
readiness parts of me that are so ready.
I got it. So, what what's what's with
the judgment? Yeah, the judgment. Um,
it's not going to be as good as I think
I thought it was going to be. Uh, I'm
not as good as I thought I would be.
Yeah. What's the problem with that?
Um, I was always the good one. Uh, I
always figured out how to be the top of
my class. Cool. Um, okay, great. Now we
know what the real issue is. Yeah.
You're you're not the top of your class
in
this. Like no, there's no possible way.
Whatever it is, the project you're going
to want to do next, you're you won't be
the
top. Sit. Sit. Yeah. Feel.
Yeah. So, what I just noticed is that
you went to a sematic experience to not
feel rather than feel. Yep. Yeah. So,
yeah. Yeah. I use my breath to
self-regulate really quickly before I
have to feel. sometimes that Yeah. Yeah.
Saw it. Yeah. Well trained. Yeah. So,
we're gonna go back to you're not going
to be the best. Yeah. Period.
Yeah. Yeah. There it is. Yeah. I'm not
the best. Yeah. You're not the best.
There I don't even know if somebody
could claim best, but there's pro
there's definitely people better than
both of us in whatever it is that you're
going to do. Yes. Yeah. survival
pattern. Be the best. Be the safest. Um,
get out of your head. [__] your head.
You I know you can see the patterns.
You're a mental health professional.
You've seen the patterns for years, but
that doesn't isn't helping you get out
of it. Yeah. So,
yeah, you're, as a matter of fact,
you're so not the best that you can't
get out of this. You're stuck. That's
how not the best you are. Yes. Joe, what
the [__] I am supposed to be the best I
can get. I'm supposed to get out of
this, right? And I'm stuck with all my
tools, with everything I know, and I'm
still doing this. You're actually using
your tools to keep you stuck.
Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Master. Yeah. Cool. So,
feel that. Yeah. Now I see. Yeah. Feel
that for a second. Yeah.
So, you have two survival techniques
that are working here. Yeah. Yes. And
I'm just [__] tired of that. I am
frustrated. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me all
about it. Tell me all about it. Yes. I'm
just so frustrated holding myself back.
I'm only here on this planet for a short
amount of time and I have some stuff to
do and I'm tired. Okay, cool. So, what
I'm seeing now is the the sadness
actually comes out when you're [__]
angry. So, you avoid anger with sadness
and you avoid sadness with with sematic
presencing.
What the [__] I really worked this. I
know. Yeah.
Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And it's funny like
Yeah. Anger is something that I um have
been playing with a little
more. Oh, I feel like on fire when I get
angry. There's like this fire in my
belly. Yeah. and I just want to go and I
want to go and then all of a sudden
something comes in and that's it just
happened. Yeah, it literally just
happened. You show up with a just a
little bit of anger and then you like
I'm [__] angry and I want to do
something.
Yeah.
Yeah. Right. So, so two things are
happening simultaneously. The first one
is that you see on some level which is
you had to be the best. Mhm. But the
second one is that like you were trying
to be the best to please somebody so
that they would stop being mentally
something abusive with you. Right. Yeah.
And so, and that's where your anger gets
repressed
because you either don't want to be like
that person or there's some something
going on
there. So, let me just actually hear
your anger that is not a victim anger,
right? So, it's not an anger of why
can't I just it's like [__] you, [__]
that, [__] like aggressive like I am
going to dominate.
I am not going to be dominated. So, can
I hit the hair? Yeah. Like, just Yes.
Just listen to me, [__] I've
got something I have to say. It's
important that I say this. God, I'm
already feeling it, though, Joe. It
starts to go already. I feel it. I can't
pass that. Keep keep coming. Don't don't
don't let it stop you for one minute.
One minute. I can feel it dampering, but
I'm so tired of it. I'm so angry. That's
the victim. Yep. Okay. Tired of it? No.
[__] you. I have something to say. I
have something to say. I need to say it
right now. You're going to listen.
You're gonna H back up. Uh something
something somebody I'm pissed off at.
There it is. Oh, and what just happened
is you
as soon as you made a demand of somebody
else.
Yep. Yeah. Because this is a relational
trauma. [__] this. Yeah. It's Yeah. So,
do me a favor. Make in a in an
aggressive tone, make 10 demands of me.
It's not personal. I'm not going to do
them. Just make or make five demands of
me. Uh gosh, see that's hard. Um yeah.
[Laughter]
Okay, Joe, give me an answer. Tell me
what I need to do. Um understand me.
Um
Uh See, this is harder than I thought it
was going to be.
Uh, I can tell the world this, but like
telling you something is much harder.
Like the symbol of I need something. I
have needs. Oh, wow. I have needs, Joe.
No, that's that's okay. I have needs and
I'm not going to share them with you
because I've got this. I'm on my island.
It's all right. You go do you and I'm
going to figure this out on my own.
Right? Which is why I almost didn't
raise my hand here too because I'm like,
"What am I doing being all visible?"
Yep. Yeah. You have needs and I have
needs, right? And you don't share them.
You don't even share them with yourself.
It wasn't safe to have needs and to
share needs. So, I was self-reliant. I
became a therapist. I was very good at
being able to do that. So, what's the
need? What's the need that you have
that's moving this thing in you that
wants to go out into the world
that you have to express
the belief? I I have a need to believe
in myself. It It's this h it's just like
I know that I have a gift. Oh, that's a
[__] story. You all You believe in
yourself. Clearly. I believe in myself.
That's why I'm confused. I believe in
myself. I know I've got this. Yeah. So,
be in that belief for a minute.
I know I've got this. No, that's you
trying to convince yourself. Okay. Yeah.
Self-belief. I do believe myself. Yeah,
you clearly do. Yeah, I believe myself.
You wouldn't have called raised You
wouldn't have raised your hand. You
wouldn't have Yeah. And I asked this
question because I believe in myself.
So, hold
on. Believe in yourself and tell me what
your need is. I believe in myself and I
need to move forward with what I
know. I need to go create what I am
ready to create.
Yeah. Yeah. And do it with confidence.
Do it. What makes what makes you need it
with confidence?
Because it's when I doubt myself that
things go wrong. It's it's when I doubt
myself that I lose momentum or I lose
funding or I lose when you doubt
yourself or when you doubt your anger.
Anger can I be
angry? Yeah, some of it
is anger.
Uh that's anger un in Tibetan world they
say that anger unresisted is
determination and clarity.
Yeah. Okay. Determination that feels
right. Fire belly out of your head.
Yeah. Like and that's only time I I I
get free of this is when I am moving.
When I am doing dance if I'm lost. Yeah.
I I will feel the spark and it gets it
gets really hella strong. It's there and
I'm like wow like you should be doing
this and then
okay so I just have I have a hack for
you and then this will this will do it.
So I want you to go into the doubt for a
moment. All the
doubt. It's not going to be the best.
You're going to [__] it up. No one's
going to pay attention. No one's going
to listen.
Yeah. You feel the doubt. Yeah. And open
your heart to
it. Love the doubt.
And there's some fear.
Just keep loving the doubt.
How close is that to the way you feel
when you dance?
Yeah. Much closer. Yeah. So you've got
two jobs.
Move the anger every day. Move the
anger. Not not that kind of victimy
anger.
That that dominant anger.
Don't do it at anybody. I mean, you can
do it at somebody, but just not with
them in the room, right? You can like
move that anger at people, but just not
with them in the room or whatever. And
every time you go into your head spin of
doubt, move into opening your heart to
the doubt.
Yeah. You can feel that really grounded.
Yeah. Belly energy. Yeah. Yeah. Thank
you, Joe. You're welcome. Pleasure.